Kelly I'm so excited to have you here at
my house your friend of both in Southern
California and it couldn't be happier to
have another neighbors did you can ditto
you got our house and you brought this
giant I bear gifts not just for me
though we're gonna see from who it's
actually I already had just gotten today
so let's get started first and foremost
tools of the trade those are my special
survey I like these you do review them
cuz i have them a Dicer the store for
everything I'm not fun they match your
hair I fan tonight I okay all right what
is it cat costume at any costume what is
it it is made of terry cloth i sooo it's
a road oh my god Oh Kelly I know this
because it's on yours daddy oh that's
all my god i just sat in screed terry
cloth back Harry clothes nice there's a
there's no better place to wrap your
stuff to try to show it sit a little in
your bathroom you know or was friends in
your bathroom I don't they whatever
happened with friends is always nice
bathrooms a great place to hang out
traffickers o'er Obama now it's all set
for okay I like imagine I could be naked
I've always wanted one yeah yeah the
thing before I'm not a real person I'm
not necessarily a rope person oh you
always wanted to rogue that and it's a
creep but igg1 much the Creed Louisville
make sure just 80 billion times but your
turn to dig in we don't have the print
look it looked like they might be
legging my stupid we have these scissors
all right my college Kelly I look cool
you wearing oh this is gonna be hot it
says that's the Creed legging I don't
know we're gonna thinking about
ministering to me I am NOT putting use
up oh I'm livid face so close to that
business right these are all yours Kelly
I never take that opportunity yeah well
this might be more up your alley it
looks a bit more colorful holding the
airplanes oh you know this is me making
a white dude Sturridge fat haha street
fighter legging I just know it you have
to put these on I also my street fighter
snuggie yep yeah we can do the holy fire
back you have God's seen everywhere
Oh shudders across the back i kinda half
and then oh if you cross area to you was
chained up that's got like three years
we have three tummy area and your eyes
but you know it looks great Dalton you
look yeah yeah I'm so you can build into
don't Berlin Gilbert I from ultimate
gamer I think blast tamales it is a
t-shirt I love t-shirt yay wanted to say
mo a burger trying to play our world
cuisine you Alexandra that's very
shuttle I have no idea of everything and
I am out of puzzle hey low-calorie
single tailor the whole time
answered coins this is pretty sweet and
you've got what one two giant robe which
I'm I think that this is the prize the
winner winner chicken dinner for me cuz
I like it does always wanted to robe and
I've never ever ever have one he
believed that by 25 years oh I have that
on my ankle I know that's right did you
know that i love that i have that my
ankle have you seen it hey give me a
little triangle over the table sure oh
so you have it kelly obviously enjoyed
the roof nothing your good swings on for
the riverhead go bad waitress but go
twig ribs yay I heard they're supposed
to be paint some really excited pretty
I'm gonna take there you go open what
I'm not open one I'm really hoping a
tank but if it's not okay it wicks away
sweat improve your grip and your comfort
you just peel and stick to apply the
material is antimicrobial and latex free
so at the at the edge of the squid grip
there's a little button as well and they
gave they made girly pink ones
would you like a color pink as I just my
hair yay ooh I love you can even ever
using my shirt Josie my that's gonna go
on Theresa Louisville what we're all my
awesome gaming secretary kind of the
modis tricked out later okay don't hate
appreciate dedicated by squid rip to
delta please Rod's Batman came here
controller on now you've got play xbox I
hope this'll get her playing well why
whole play palsy I'll play I promise
tall are you coming out ok that was the
straightest range over cuz I'm so
excited alrighty I think we're done here
then that's all the goodies that I have
I'm sorry that's all I brought that's a
lot of goodies well thank you kelly
making my homework exciting please oh
yes bringing your presence here and sit
i'm so excited to be just an area within
like almost distance we're going to
de-stress that restraining order but you
know near me is relative keep that in
mind what time is good through with the
courthouse ah you know what i'll see you
they reference
so don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe to all our our awesome
channels description contains all of our
links check it out down below and they
get down here I'm put the pressure on
you to put it right here alright thanks
again for watching you guys and as
always